take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me oh
welcome to season two of Lady babylon's
satanic initiation tonight we will get a glimpse into the
personal we're going to look at a woman learning
the history of women
[Music]
foreign
we don't have much time so I'll make it brief tonight I want you to know that I had a
request sent to me this week one of many student requests
um of a person looking for someone to guide the research of a sophomore in
high school on a paper on the history of women in antiquity
in Antiquity she sent the request to me specifically and not to other
instructors on uh the place that I teach um I wrote her back swiftly and with
determination because I was asked as a graduate student to come into the
women's Studies classes and to teach some women's studies from the sources
that I work with the medical sources pharmacological the magic to bring those sources forward to show
people um so this is great opportunity for me to teach to advance who else would not
want to learn in the email that I sent her back I made it very clear that what
she needed and that what I could provide see if I was a good fit or not was the
sources that that Harbor
these images of the ancient woman and who she is the sources themselves we
don't want that lattice that's built up on scholarship scholarship great scholarship modern
scholarship on women we'll look at modern scholarship on women by
talking about quoting Mary beard who many of you have probably heard of
um she's associated with the classics department or she was at
one time I don't know if she still is Cambridge so a scholar of Scholars
um so before we quote Marion bring her into this brawl
my object is to teach you the sources if you're my student
to give you the sources that you can work with them via the instrument that I
use namely the ancient Greek this is standard Classics protocol for
this is what we do we translate anyway um Mary beard married beard how can she
help me now to be able to give these the next
generation of women the history of women sadly the responsibility can fall short
of the Deliverance if we turn aside from the primary
sources people want to give you theories and
this is where our Public Safety announcement comes in today people will want to give you theories and theories
are a whole there's a market of them and they drive an economy of
Scholars academicians you will always have them with you
whatever Society you're in these people will exist
and their system is driven by their ideas their system is driven by their their
ideas the problem is we come to the museum where we hold sacred The Muse
we do not hold forward ideas or theories
we look at the words we look at the last material Expressions
that we have surviving from these cultures that's what we look at
I don't want you to have to go to a back alley with a stranger
I don't want you to tonight's question is who who is the one who is to be
believed is it the bald guy with the tattoos
or is it the Cambridge professor who is also
of high-ranking uh uh of value within British aristocratic Society
yes who's more believable than that yes yes the Dame or the dude with the
shaved head so you can be deceived you can think that you're getting a source that's a
legitimate source and that's that person can tell you anything then if you've fallen into the
trust oh it's okay I trust you what we do here is we insist upon our
sources we insist upon our sources don't tell me what your ideas are tell me what the sources say
can we bring up the quotes from Mary beard
yes there is at First Sight it's a rather impressive array of powerful female characters in The repertoire of
Greek myth and Greek word telling in life ancient women had no formal
political rights they had precious little economic or social Independence and in some cities
like Athens respectable married women were almost never seen
outside the home anytime that you have a generalization I
mean how do you how do you judge whether any of this is is accurate anytime you
have a generalization about Antiquity you you're talking about two millennia's
time and you're talking about dozens and dozens of independent cultures
oh my goodness to say that to give a generalization it doesn't matter what
it's about now this happens to you all the time if you're in church it happens
to you in church because remember it's this is how it starts this is how you end up in the back alley okay so I'm
telling you these are the lines that start the process in biblical times
everybody sat on their hands all lunch
and whistle Dixie yes you might believe that from an
authority you might believe that but if you hear the generalization realize
generalizations never hold up in history they never hold up you can talk about Cycles you can talk about repetition you
can talk about Trends uh uh um but you cannot hold a generality of any time a
scholar comes to you and says all blanks did this you know that they have an
agenda to to push something's being pushed when I taught the section of the women's
studies course that I taught I brought all the concrete in I want you to see
these women these are the women I want you to see from Antiquity give give us the list of women please
yes starting with women yes who else do we bring you
you need to see midwives you need to see the teachers
you need to see doctors you need to see priestesses
you need to see Queens mean ads let's throw them in too why not
a social club here or there fantastic anybody else oh of course the witches
The Witches let's not forget the witches because everything is coming from the witches it's all coming back from the
witches are lying through the cave here is the pharmacology it's the pharmacology bring up the second quote
of Mary beard please hmm
yes Athenian drama and the Greek imagination has offered our mate imaginations a whole series of
Unforgettable women names like Medea Clyde nestra or Antigone among many
others can still ring a loud Bell for us they are not however role models for
anybody far from it please pull up now again you're sitting
there you're sitting there and you're saying these are the words of wisdom from Cambridge
from the eye of this stuff that breeds all of those such intelligent creatures
comes this voice this miraculous voice of Mary beard and Mary beard tells us
something about women and now I don't know whether to believe it
now I don't know are these people not to be were they intentionally written is
not to be admired that's what she's saying it's odd and okay let's just get
in our spaceship and let's go back in time let's go to Italy let's go to the
Marcy the culture uh um uh that develops near uh um the Temple
of angitya and who is the temple who is angitya this is angitya
um and who is who who's on get you she's the one who brings the healing to us she is the one who brings the healing she is
the one who hears us of the snake bites she is the one who knows all of the
pharmacology who is this person that showed up um in Italy and gets worshiped as a
woman forget about Pro what what did you say property or political rights when people
are building temples to you this is a kind of power that has nothing to do
with your estimation your modern anachronistic estimation of feminine
power yeah yeah feminine power that's on githia and who do our sources tell us
that angitya is you know it it's Medea says her son ruled there
he rolled there yes she visited
coming from her uh uh uh Union with the another with the Greek Prince
yes they set up Society they set up Authority yes and she's this is before
an entire group an ethnic group living around the Black Sea decided to
call itself after its Queen the 13 year old scythian Queen
in full armor is a beautiful they just they just dug
up is a beautiful beautiful refutation of
everything that Mary beard said yes beautiful refutation
the chief the most powerful the greatest
yes full armor arrows probably poison
nice and where are they perfecting all these poisons in Syria
right with the with the mobile tribes of Horsemen yeah and their Royal lines
yes fantastic Greek influence African influence gorgeous it's Adam
it's Eden nice um let's uh go ahead put flash Mary Beard's picture up there because we
don't we wanted to give her credit right that's married beard uh you can find her work on online yes now whether or not
the person is going to um let's leave and get the other whether or not
the person is going to allow me to teach a history of women based upon the
Physicians and The Midwives and there is a difference the iatrina is the female
and it may actually be the oldest word for doctor okay so is it probably coming
from the Midwifery yeah right and we know that all the oldest drugs are old
abortion drugs uh what are we gonna do about this abortion business right if you're going
to talk about women you better talk about abortion it's a huge issue
maybe more so than you think because one out of three women dies in childbirth
yeah so Family Planning is serious it's life and death
yeah so um whether or not we're going to get these images brought to you will be determined by whoever wants to know
the sources or the modern lattice of scholarship the
clouds over those sources right this puts an interpretation on
something that gives it a an agenda a movement this is meant to cause this and
people these guys that will come behind that will get you and take you behind the building
they are from Princeton and they are from Harvard they're from Oxford they're
from Cambridge wow how did this happen though you know what's funny
um Princeton's program is imploding right they just they announced it well
it was six months ago maybe that they're cutting their Greek program because reads the language of the
oppressor yeah that's what they came up with you
know it's their ideas and they're throwing them around in a hundred years from non-movie will care
but we may have forgotten the text by then and we may not have people trained
to bring that out of the ground yeah to bring it to you so you know
you're not being taken behind the building if I'm giving you or anybody is giving you
the actual sources if you are working with the evidence
at the crime scene that's what that's what matters and otherwise you should say I don't care and here's that I don't
care moment thanks to Zane Campbell can We cue that I don't care moment I don't
care about nothing I'm going to do what I was gonna do anyway
I don't care about another Halloween
[Music] that is the scars uh true truest emotion
right we should care nothing those of us here should care nothing about anything but the Integrity of those voices of
antiquity that's what we should care about um I would love it if Mary beard would
start reading some of the pharmacological sources some of the medical sources some of the focusing
maybe on some of the religious cult sources and some of the magic maybe
um there's a whole area of hymns you know those homeric hymns those homeric
hymns Mary they're about a lot of women so we might want to consider that in the
Athens the place that you so brilliantly told us was so repressive that you can
walk to the hot top of the hill Mary you can look into the temple and you can see
the virgin you can see the Virgin Mary that's what that's what we need to bring
is the Virgin bring back the Virgin yes if you want to study ancient women study
the Virgin you'll be fascinated what are all these priestesses doing oh my goodness what are these oracles Mary the
oracles what are the oracles doing Mary those Oracles of women you know that
Mary you know that what are they doing they're Distributing
the power of antiquity yeah Distributing the power of antiquity
Medea whom Mary beard has decided is not worth emulation in Antiquity her word
was Oracle pindar perhaps the greatest poet
that the Greeks ever produced pindar preserves her
Oracle taken directly from the hands of the
pythia herself yes these are not people to emulate
these are not no no um in Antiquity they were they were the
um I want you to to make sure that your your Bible times are in the right place
that we understand what when we're in Bible time of water I want to take you really quickly to Eros
I want to take you to a text tonight yes yes isn't this beautiful I'm going to
read just for a second kaisofos
foreign
let me just translate let me just translate to you yes and the wise self-taught god Eros
the one who administers the one who administers the ion
isn't that nice the administer of the ion yes he pounds at the gates the dark
gates of the firstborn chaos
readying or engaging himself in his bring up the text again EO darkens
yes eodokin and for those of you who were here last week you'll see EO on the
front of yodelkin is from EOS let's bring up yodoke please
um yep there we go oh nice holding arrows usually to describe the
forrete right you know you're we're talking about Quivers here right
something that holds arrows um look at the second definition though of that uh uh in that you yeah there we
go containing poison here is in the feminine is that was just
containing poison like the fangs right or Dantes the teeth
right there's so it's an instrument those arrows are an instrument Eros
think not not pudgy baby right think of Eros the primal
right the one who brings everything with dark knight into existence that's the
figure we're looking at he has his arrows his quiver
full of his arrows that do what they bring the godhead okay that's important
it's giving them a label it does this with the drugs the Greek does this with the drugs as well we saw the death
bringing drugs right the early death bringing drugs
um here it's the same thing his his arrows are labeled as the ones that bring you the divine
the ones that bring you the divine yes and he's he he's got these um that
he keeps and on them are written in Gold letters written in Gold letters
um these oystery bring us up the oyster what are oystery an arrow look what the
derivation uncertain now for those of you who have been here a while you know that oistress
boisterous is just lacking that road there I told you about the row that
disappears like the diagama yes so there's again an association you know
we're building on a people and a culture and that culture was poison using Arrow wielding peoples
um with Queens with Queens yes um and anyway Eros goes on
um with these arrows describing a list of the 12 Stars those 12 burning arrows
12 but we're in we're in Magic now in case you realize we've crossed over uh-oh
um we got to recognize what's going on here where are we necromancers
um so you've got the 12 arrows and he starts out of course with IO
IO rise IO um and we moved from Iowa to Europa
yeah and then you realize oh wait a minute he's composing a list of these
women just like Herodotus did wait a minute wait a minute what Herodotus made a list of women
who were being abducted they were being taken away from their
homes and established elsewhere as oracles
yeah as IO is literally in the oysters right that's who she is so
um by the time that we have this list and it it begins it begins with IO and
Europa and by the way Medea is one of those mentioned in Herodotus right he's
one of he um she's one of those yeah right up front and these are causing Wars and whatnot so
um this situations are causing War these apparently these women are so important
not to be emulated Mary beard says but apparently in Antiquity they're so
important that people are starting Wars over what they can do
over their capacity um fantastic maybe it's worth taking off
your lens and looking at it from their point of view instead of yours from the
last two thousand years forward right yeah so here they are here they
are and um the last of the women on these lists this list is olympius
right olympius who's olympius the mother of Alexander right who under the
possession of the burning purple
communes with Zeus himself in the form of Amon
as a serpent right so um what do we have going on you have two
very conflicting images of antiquity one of them is real
just based in sources just read the sources to yourself don't everything
that I told you tonight was just directly stolen wholeheartedly from the sources read those sources if you read
the modern you're going to get a version that might not stand up to what the
sources say and to be honest modern Scholars are so let down women's studies
they have completely dropped the ball completely if you knew
half of what was being investigated by just
the witches pharmacologists sorceresses Magi
Cults all the orphics if you knew just a half of what they were working with what
they were experimenting with you would be you would be shocked and you'd understand what the mystery was all
about you'd understand oh this is the performance of the mystery this is the performance of the mystery yes so
um my question to you tonight that I want to leave you with
because we're approaching touchdown is
what reality are you following yeah whose reality is it
if it has anything to do with any dead people you're going to get lured into a
corner controlling the information that you are given about your reality
has been happening as long as we have recorded written history
it's been happening that's why we follow Pythagoras we form
that museum if we're going to set down a colony if we're going to raise a colony
if we're going to bring civilization we have to raise that Temple to the muse
without that Temple of the Muse we have nothing and right here right now we have access to everything these documents are
all there we have access to them Cambridge Oxford they don't have it wrapped up in a cabinet they don't
no we have access to it now so I would love an army I would love an
army of women to start writing women's history
I would love it I would love it and that way you don't have to have me
teach your daughter you can teach her yourself confidently knowing it's from The Source
but but um and I think this is why a lot of times that what I uh
at the conference that I was at presenting they said this work that I
was doing was the Last Frontier of classics yeah it's not just that it's the Last
Frontier it's that it's what we have entirely missed that has skewed our
understanding of History so I would encourage you tonight uh I would encourage you tonight to realize that
what you may be perceiving may be a a
a mechanism of control a mechanism of control right go back to
the Muse go to your sources work with the sources and if you want
if you want the to get down to the very dirt go to the instrument itself do not
trust somebody because they have a name or a reputation or a badge
from an association right trust them if they're dead
trust them if they're dead yes if you drag up an ancient Ramen
bring them in if you pull up somebody from I mean the the mind can you imagine
the a frontery the Bold brashness
of saying that this woman who was hailed as an oracle
who has had temples built to her who raised and lowered entire kingdoms
wow to say that to present you with an image of the world I think it's I think
it's really why Jehovah lies in the very beginning remember Joe ver Jehovah he
tells him right off the bat this is no good if they eat it they're gonna have their eyes open and they're gonna be
like us knowing Good and Evil yeah they shouldn't be like that right
no right tell them it's gonna kill him the devil says it's not going to kill
you you're just gonna have your eyes open and then what does the text say they had their eyes open
it follows along the text follows along with the with the proposition that the
LIE is coming from Jehovah trying to stop them right just no good no good
he's been a liar from the beginning from the very beginning
and I think that's what I think that's what the problem is when you fight for
Jehovah when you fight for that thing that you they've identified as modern Scholars
have identified as such a terrible patriarchal source um yeah uh you're going to come up
against that lie yeah the fruit was good guess what she
ate it and she was smart and she did a lot of good things and we made statues to her
and no we aren't misogynists yes we are
worshipers of the virgin yeah Magna mats here you know there's a
connection I'll finish with this angizia there that I showed you
and her Worship in Italy yes yes that's connected with bone DEA
and all of a sudden when he said born a day you say oh my God that's Central Roman religion right and the rights of
bonadea with um what are they doing with the wand the alabaster that they're using in their women's only rights yes
yes medical medical think medical religious
yes these are the things this is the this is the environment that we need to
come to now in order to see uh um the reality we get back on our ship and we
come back home and now if you want to believe what married beard has given you at
least you have some ancient sources to contradict what the modern Scholars are
saying right never trust the secondary work never it's just somebody's opinion
it's just somebody's opinion trust the primaries rule with the primaries
promote the primaries and I guess now I I see that Rob has come Rob please tell
us from the great Island upon which you sit uh your impression of
you know the dangers is this a good time to have a public safety announcement about the dangers of these
oxfordians and andringians of coming into our society
and taking out our children taking them into back alleys and doing things to them that are unacceptable what is with
the island now is this is this me is or is my indignation righteous oh you're
gonna love it you get season two and you can't do without me can you um is that the same [__] is that a new
[__] that's that's because I was thinking is
he gonna wear the same shirt season yeah Rob this you'll always see me in is
there a problem with my shirt Rob this shirt is important the same [__] same [__] oh look so we're talking about a
local girl she's from Shrewsbury is Mary and I'm willing to bet it's bad
I do I do like beard but I'm willing to bet it's very bad
yeah yeah she's a local girl and um my phone would collapse on me at the
minute watch it right time once it's but um do you think she might be an oracle
by any chance um yeah and Excuse Me Miss Baird however
you pronounce it um uh um excuse me if I've mispronounced
your name but um do I think that she's an oracle yeah what are you smoking because you were
you here for the last 20 minutes Usher come get this man
do you know what she's wrote in 1989 she wrote the good working
mother's guide did Mary bad that's it like so isn't Oracle a good
working mother would you think um yeah no I'm sorry I'm sorry but the
whole day no the whole insult to Medea she could have written I could have written every
everything in the world um if uh for that premise to be so off
uh about women in Antiquity it takes it's like uh I can't
um you know John Scarborough John Scarborough the well-known John Scarborough told me he said don't don't
you you that secondary literature is gonna mess with your mind it's gonna mess with your mind I want the sources I
want the sources married beard is another is another secondary source and
it no I can't Oracle now my mind is blowing let me take you to another book
that was I mean that's 1989. so we've got we've got another book which is um
Pagan priest religion and Power in the ancient world
now What's missing what's missing from that title Pagan
priests religion empowering the ancient world I suppose women is missing
maybe maybe there's some women there so yeah you're quite correct she uh and she
she because I knew she was coming up so I took the liberty of watching watching
a documentary on Caligula you know so uh what what took from that
is she knows about poisons she she mentions as Emperors bumped off with poison mushrooms and which I was
surprised if she mentioned the mushrooms actually but she so uh all the people dropping
Dead with poison it seems I want I wonder where the poisons made I wonder if she's considered where's that poison
made where's it coming from uh where where's the root of that poison coming
through because do you think she might no
that's where she gets that reference yeah right and he knows he he'll talk about poison that but she doesn't know
the medical sources she doesn't know I guarantee she doesn't know that I
scoredy she doesn't know scribonius largest right she may have heard diascortis but she doesn't read scribonius largas right and so how can
we talk about cult drugs if she doesn't read the people that were talking about Colt drugs this is this is a fact modern
day classicists do not study the medical side because it demands too much
crossover so it's their loss it's their loss Tom Jefferson I didn't care
sorry where'd you suppose she's getting that information from for the distinction as the poisons coming from
mushrooms rather than any other shows because she's got that distinction there with the mushrooms yeah that's that's
quite that's quite interesting and also I was interested in the time the
challenge the historical resources tell us because because this was written hundreds of years after apparently and
said that this this story is of of Caligula is
written hundred years after by the by the show shouldn't it and
I'm wondering about the time frame have we got Saint John drinking poison at the
same time you know John Saint John I don't know of
a source that talks about Saint John drinking poison but it doesn't mean it's not often it
was offered poisoning in a Charlie Swansea and there's there's images of him out there and he's holding the
Chalice with a snake in a cup and a chalice and and as the story goes as he
drinks the whole the whole measure and it doesn't affect him in the slightest is this is this
later medieval is it Byzantine do you remember what this is I I never heard that one yeah but there's a lot of the a
lot of the Gnostic and a lot of the Coptic stuff out there the gospels that
that yeah when you go through images and you get drawn up on images you'll you'll find
one with it and like it just adds to the stakes everywhere snakes everywhere you
go into researches snakes shippings everywhere lifted lifted really scented all around so she knows she know she
knows she knows about the poisons in my opinion just Mary bad
so do you want to listen to your honors list I mean this honors list is you you
talk you talk about credentials and have you got any credentials and you know what I'm like I go through these
credentials and I noticed this princess of asterious award
she's won a princess of asterious award and I just got you know I'm looking out
for the St segmental route I am and do you do you get any shorter impression
from that that that Prince ever princess of asterious award
no that doesn't do that doesn't again Rob it doesn't do anything for me once
you've shown me yeah that she can read saturnius that's great once you've shown me that you're gonna talk about an area
that you know nothing about right that you're not bringing the medicine into that you're not talking about women who
are in these positions and then you have the effrontery to bring up Medea and say that she is represented as somebody that
you would not you would not want to be I I I cannot I don't care if she's from
the Royal Society of the Throne of Satan I don't care if she's got burning purple on her coat of arms anymore we've now
violated The Muse right she's not going to those sources she's supposed to be a classicist she's
supposed to do this to make a statement like it flashed up there right that it
it's unforgivable it's in the in the world of the real it's unforgivable I
mean she'll go over the course and everything's fine and people will read it and they'll think yes and maybe some
of them will think oh my God she's part of the society Society of Asteria and none of it will matter because we'll
miss the freaking sources Rob we'll miss the sources and that's that's uh that's
what needs to be pounded right why are we not doing this we have the opportunity to do that what other
accolades do we do you want to talk about I I have a suspicion though is
they don't you say they don't read the sources but they must be aware of the sources and ignore the sources and not
include the sources for it for a reason there's a reason there why like in in
Professor Rock's situation you know you pay a price for revealing
some of the sources at times don't you yeah you do and and uh there are things
that people don't want to talk about nobody wants to talk about magic right it's maybe in the last few years has
started to become more popular but um when I was doing my degree program the
uh you know there was one or two people in the country working on it in the U.S that's it I'm which is funny because
because you have far more magic than you have just about every other genre so
yeah so why aren't people studying it well it's because we've lived through 2000 years of Christianity and
um uh it's anti-sorcerer anti-sateness uh uh you know
a power power and yet still 330 000 people getting abused right
um we need the facts we need the facts I don't think she's I I don't think anything my difficulty is not with Mary
beard my difficulty is with separating our sacred our sacred duty to
the sources and our desire to be looked upon and loved and cherished is a genius
and here's the documentary on blah you know I I did a documentary too that
based on my book right and it's a it's a a a a sinkhole
it's a sinkhole of meism right it's a sinkhole of meism that
documentary should be there not for the glory of the individual right or for the professorship or for the seated chair of
so-and-so or the distinguished visiting scholar of so and so it should be access
in the museum it should be what you see when you walk up in the museum you see access to the sources right away that's
what we're supposed to do with Classics that's what Tom Jefferson did right and that's not what has come out
of Classics if there's a um if we're fighting tyrants it's probably a good reason that
there's probably a correlation with Princeton just decapitating its own Greek program right yeah guess what that's that's what
happens when you let that information go um yeah I know it was I know it will
sound like I'm being I'm awfully hard awfully hard do I sound hard to you
right and I'm coming from mcardally sarcastic point of view it's it's like dark sarcasm because
because there's a where's that one gone confronting the classics
confronting the classics Traditions adventures and Innovations you know is
she confronting the classics I don't think there's any confrontation in that is he personally and what you need to do
is confront the classics with this information that you have and that
Professor Rook has given us amongst others who would wouldn't dare wouldn't dare
step step foot into these Realms where it's basically you get you you get your
wrist slapped and step back don't you is that is that this situation I really want to know what the situation is the
situation in this academic Circle where where basic choices and sure she's what
are easily accessible and now now in our day and age Now sources are accessible
aren't they you didn't you used to have to go to the library you used to have to go get order books you need to take a
good while to do a good amount of research nowadays you can get that done on you
academic circles why is it the case that this is taboo and we can not talk about
it or discuss it not even raise it to up for discussion
just even by like intellectual people will not allow this to be subject of
drugs then they've tried that you've changed the words don't you he'll change the word to end theogen and we'll change the
words and make it a little bit more acceptable to discuss and that's done done that that's done
wonders answers for the discussion changing the word other than drugs because as soon as somebody mentions
drugs it's like ah Nobody Does Drugs don't don't do drugs drugs are bad it's
like here Nancy Reagan period ended
yeah I think it's I think it's the um the built-in anti-drug culture that
we've got but I think it's also the fault of the it's partially the fault of the academicians that they don't study
certain Fields um because their job is to carve out something that they can stand on the top
of the hill I was there right I lived with them I ate with them I worked with them your job is to find some Hill
somewhere where you can distinguish yourself and anybody else who comes up the side of that Hill you knock them
down right these are my ideas this is my that's no that's not what you need and
you don't need that from me or call rock or anyone else you need the sources and
now you have access to them if you want to look up these drugs you have diastority sitting there go look up the
drugs go look up what the women are recommending you do with the drugs go
look up uh any any cases of abortion what happens look up the gynecologist
find them you can find them they're out there right not not all of it's been translated yet not all of it's been
translated and that's the only that's the only reason I say you've got to go to the instrument you've got to have
that instrument you've got to have that ability to pick up the New Testament and
read it it's the same for the seminarians if you can't read that thing you don't know what those word means if
you're just going off an Interlinear this is how they do seminaries they give you the Greek on one line in English
English right above it boom well what are you doing then you're not really
doing anything you are memorizing a preset definition let me give you the
example logos I hope this will uh I hope this will reach people logos because
it's common everybody will translate this is word and everybody is wrong everybody is wrong
a seasoned classicist will tell you now logos doesn't mean
word that means an accounting or a reckoning
and this word flows through philosophy through pre-socratic philosophy it flows
into an area of specialty yeah where when somebody comes up and
says in the beginning was the logos you're not going to understand what it means if you think it means a word
yeah you cannot read those texts so when you come along as a pastor or as
a classicist like Mary beard if you come along and you say oh I'm going to tell
you what this means and you use that Interlinear translation and it's not because you've been reading great if you
haven't read Plato as a pastor if if you haven't read Hippocrates don't tell me about Luke don't tell me a darn thing
about Luke if you haven't read Hippocrates you don't know what oh yeah you don't know
drugs drugs again right if you don't know those topics don't talk about the
frankincense don't talk about the Magi if you don't know who the Magi were if
you haven't read count if your pastor hasn't read Chaldean philosophy
Chaldean philosophy Chaldean incantations then forget about it you're not going to
understand the Magi you're not going to know what that star was and you can have all the crazy ideas in your head you
want but don't blame those original sources
this is your fault you're the one who sat there in the audience and you listened to Mary right you didn't go back to the sources
stand up ask Mary give us the source and why is it why is
this Source talk about a woman as a physician why does it talk about a woman as a physician who's this I thought
women didn't have any power it didn't have any place didn't have any socioeconomic but why are Paul's
supporters all women wealthy women wait a minute Mary I thought in the
great world of antiquity no no women had this ability
they were all oppressed do you hear what's happening this is how stuff like fascism comes to rise
right once you control that information of History you control everything and
I'm not saying I'm not saying rob and I'll get off my Podium now but I'm not saying you need I'm not saying that you
uh uh you need to buy what I'm selling never would you don't need to buy me or
Carl rock you don't need to you need the sources you need to look at them yourself and
figure out what they are you know figure out what those people were saying we just dug up that we just took up that 13
year old Queen City and queen go to her as a source right that's a source here she is
preserved bones and armor yeah thought she was your boy didn't
they thought she was a man for years didn't they they genetically proved it was a girl yeah but for years they just
assumed didn't they I think they just assumed as it was a male you know oh from from the report yeah and then they
don't they were sanctioned for do the DNA analysis and that's come through which was quite a surprise to him
why do you think they assumed it was a male I don't know the the probably the size or the the because it's the armor the
the arrows the the you'd assume it's masculine trait weren't you the traditional Hunter I'm guessing and I
think she's got one bone bone-headed arrow in the rest of the bronze bronze
tipped very interesting very interesting I wish
there was a I wish there was a better means of getting to to that Source because you're like on
Ancient Origins and different various websites that are just giving you like um a rundown there's nothing
I'd appreciate something like you can get into it into the details what what the analysis I've seen some things like
where they've shared and she had blue eyes and red hair and I'm thinking how do you know that how how did you figure
that out I have no idea how they go about figuring something like that out
no idea but that's what they come out with
so well we still don't know yet there's still a lot of nails a lot of analysis that can be done on them arrowheads on
the I mean you know you just won't get in there don't you so you can I can I have the test done on the arrowheads for
yeah for this chemical this compound this and see what we can get out of it because I do it once it wouldn't that be
like the Sinker okay right with that we've got now that's apparently how
they've been you know how Rock was Vindicated was from those containers of
the uh of the communion of the cocaine right that yeah yeah fantastic you know
I should get that Vindication and get that conclusive proofers yeah they were using
Arrow poisons I mean you've got it documented it's quite clear so it's quite clear it's quite clear from
listening to that documentary from Mary bird that those marketplaces showing
poisons and Venoms and it's quite clear that is it's so accessible and people are using it left right and sent it then
it it isn't some black market thing is it you're going down the market and buying
these things and you're getting these things made by various ingredients
put together and that takes a skill that isn't a skill an emperor is it doesn't
this feel anybody around him as that's a skill that's developed over time I guess shouldn't it yes and
that's that's one of the groups that Mary missed she missed the root Cutters
and those are women you know described as sorceresses right who are involved in
the drugs they're called polypharmicon right they've they're they have much drug knowledge those root Cutters are
women euripides mother was a root cutter right what about her wait a minute I
thought euripides mother stayed in her house all the time right no she was a root cutter right
well what's a root cutter and then all of a sudden you have a conversation for for uh sophomore in high school
right a a a a girl in high school she should hear this she should know what
root Cutters are if she wants to know learn about ancient women or she can go to Mary and Mary can tell her ah don't
worry about that they all stayed in their homes and it feels so much better for us to righteously stand up and say
oh look how bad these people were these oppressors to create this fairy tale but
the actual truth of the matter the reality is you're always more interesting I'd love to see a book
written on the root Cutters I know Mary's not going to write a book on the root Cutters right but she's into drama
and we know that Sophocles has a play called the root Cutters so maybe she'll
get on it I don't know probably not I'm being there I'm being I'm too busy writing books about how much of a
productive successful mother she has a carry into you know look at me
it's too much of that rather than look at where we've look at our Roots look at where we've come from and where we can
ascribe power too about our importance in society you know it's like look at me
I can carry around a couple of children and do a degree you know how many honorary degree watch an honorary degree
yeah how many honorary degrees she's got from different universities it's scary what isn't on every degree
well he's just done nothing and they just give you the paperwork and so yeah
you've got a degree in this University now because it's like loads of universities have given an honorary
degree I wonder what the what do you think the cost of an honorary degree is who there's something transferring there
there's some kind of yeah you know how many do you possibly need because it's a list you know it's
just go on a Wikipedia it's a very simple might be a bunch of Lies pretty soon doubt it but it's a bunch of so
it's a big list she's a Dame as well so that's that
that's pretty much that's an OB that's that's uh that's um order of the British
Empire that's equivalent to being a knight that is that's a Knighthood gently
good I'm glad I'm glad I said something yeah yeah
and that's the best that the British have to offer the world is it not
the Knighthood yeah yeah I think there's one above that you know I don't know I
don't know that I don't know all the I I know which happens twice a year there's a list that's get that gets um
constructed twice a year in the undoubts the these obese and
honors to all sorts of people the world over yeah and um that's why we should believe
Mary and not the guy not the guy with the shaved head right within the satanic
initiation don't right she has the accolades she has everything there I
mean don't get me wrong I got accolades too bro but but they're but they're not
they don't stand up to the official steel seal and with such
misinformation with such um a rape of History because that's what
she's doing in those two comments that's what she's doing she's raping history
right she's creating something that's not she's forcing something on history that is not there
um yeah it's them qualifications shouldn't carry that information should
it shouldn't carry that information in both streets and support it with oh and
I'm this by the way you can't you don't contend what I'm saying because I'm a
Dame I've achieved these Awards and gone through these certain and it's just like
yeah why why can't we just look at the sources why can't you be just equal to
the next person and then we can evaluate the sources as equals and get her own
Impressions from us and what that's what you're trying to facilitate doesn't it with
tell the audience this Rob tell me if you think this is correct or way off it's not the people that have the
accolades who carry the reality it's the people that they burn first and then set
up to set statues and monuments up to later right yep I think I think that's
very accurate yeah we'll end on we'll end on that high note
Rob thank you for coming and representing the island um your people your people are geniuses
and I want I want you to maintain those Traditions so that we can be proud we
can be proud thank you Rob thank you thank you very much thanks for the comments everybody and good night
good night how's Satan guys show me
I've never met [Applause] [Music] where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]